6.5.0: Document JavaScript mutators (#3338)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.5/observability-pipeline/observe-transform/mutators.md

    "command": "example_mutator.go",
    "timeout": 0,
    "env_vars": [],
    "runtime_assets": [],
    "secrets": null,
    "type": "",
    "eval": ""
  }
}
{{< /code >}}

{{< /language-toggle >}}

## JavaScript mutator examples

As shown in these examples, JavaScript mutators use the eval attribute instead of command.
The eval value must be an ECMAScript 5 (JavaScript) expression.

{{< language-toggle >}}

{{< code yml >}}
---
type: Mutator
api_version: core/v2
metadata:
  created_by: admin
  name: js_mutator_1
  namespace: default
spec:
  eval: 'return JSON.stringify({"some info": "is here"});'
  type: javascript
{{< /code >}}

{{< code json >}}
{
  "type": "Mutator",
  "api_version": "core/v2",
  "metadata": {
    "created_by": "admin",
    "name": "js_mutator_1",
    "namespace": "default"
  },
  "spec": {

>     "eval": "return JSON.stringify({"some info": "is here"});",

Author: I think I need backslashes here for valid code

This allows `command` attributes to use “relative paths” for Sensu plugin commands (for example, `"command": "check-http.go -u https://sensuapp.org"`).
{{% /notice %}}

## JavaScript mutators

Mutators that use JavaScript are an efficient alternative to pipe mutators, which fork a process on each invocation.
JavaScript mutators are evaluated by the [Otto JavaScript VM][19] as JavaScript programs, which enables greater mutator throughput at scale.

> JavaScript mutators do not require you to return any value &mdash; you can either also mutate the events that are passed to the mutator.

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit off

Reviewer: (line 208)

Author: Yeah, that's messy. Thank you for catching it.

> JavaScript mutators do not require you to return any value &mdash; you can either also mutate the events that are passed to the mutator.

Author: ```suggestion
JavaScript mutators do not require you to return any value &mdash; you can mutate the events that are passed to the mutator instead.
```
